{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red0\green0\blue233;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Source of raw data files.\
\
Data downloaded for creation of teaching materials. \
\
British Social Attitudes Survey 2022: \
\
\'91p16974_bsa22_archive.dta\'92 - downloaded from the UK Data Service on 23 September 2024. \
\
Citation: \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
NatCen Social Research. (2024).\'a0
\f1\i British Social Attitudes Survey, 2022
\f0\i0 . [data collection]. UK Data Service. SN: 9283,\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://doi.org/10.5255/UKDA-SN-9283-1"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 DOI: http://doi.org/10.5255/UKDA-SN-9283-1}}\cf4 \
\
UKHLS 2009-2010 \
\'91sh_edit_a_indresp_td.dta\'92 - downloaded from the UK Data Service on 23 September 2024. \
\
*File was too big for GitHub so I limited it to the following variables: \
renpfix a_\
keep sex dvage oprlg1 ethn_dv bmi_dv fimngrs_dv gor_dv hlhtc hlwtk jbttwt workdis worktrav  sclfsato . \
\
citation: University of Essex, Institute for Social and Economic Research. (2023).\'a0Understanding Society: Ethnicity and Health Teaching Dataset Wave 1, 2009-2010. [data collection].\'a02nd Edition.\'a0UK Data Service. SN: 8465,\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://doi.org/10.5255/UKDA-SN-8465-2"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 DOI: http://doi.org/10.5255/UKDA-SN-8465-2}}\cf3 \ul \ulc3 \
\
\cf4 \ulnone Student Performance Factors - synthetic data downloaded on 29 September 2024. \
\
\'92StudentPerformanceFactors.csv\'92 - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/lainguyn123/student-performance-factors/data"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/lainguyn123/student-performance-factors/data}}\
\
Simpsons Episodes and Character data - downloaded on 23 September 2024 -\
\'91simpsons_characters.csv\'92 & \'91simpsons_episodes.csv\'92 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/jonbown/simpsons-episodes-2016"}}{\fldrslt https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/jonbown/simpsons-episodes-2016}}}